## 2.0.15 (2021-04-23)
* Added support for `column_property()`
* `nplus1loader` is not an optional dependency. Install it if you want `raiseload_col()`
* Tested with SqlAlchemy 1.3.21-23 and Python 3.9
* Migrated to Poetry


## 2.0.14 (2020-12-03)
* Proper handling of deferred columns: projections overwrite them

## 2.0.12 (2020-11-11)
* Fixed a bug with joining self-referential relationships
* Tested with SqlAlchemy 1.3.20

## 2.0.11 (2020-04-15)
* Removed the `raiseload_col()` and imported the implementation from `nplus1loader`. 
  That's a new dependency.
* Tested with SqlAlchemy 1.3.16

## 2.0.10 (2020-01-29)
* Tested with SqlAlchemy 1.3.12-15
* Fixed an issue with MongoSQL not detecting `TypeDecorator()`-wrapped JSON columns as JSON

## 2.0.9 (2019-11-27)
* Support string input for: `project`, `sort`, `group`, `join`, `joinf`.
    Previously, they only accepted arrays or objects. 
    Now, they also accept strings: whitespace-separated as a list of columns.
* Tested with SqlAlchemy 1.3.11

## 2.0.8 (2019-10-27)
* `CrudView._method_create_or_update_many()`: saving many objects at once
* `MongoQuery.options()`: `no_limit_offset=True` lets you disable limits & offsets for a specific query
* Tested with SqlAlchemy 1.3.9-10

## 2.0.7 (2019-10-07)
* `project`: now allow using a string of field names, separated by whitespace. Example: `{project: "name age weight"}`
* `@saves_relations`: now possible to differentiate a value not provided from a provided `None`
* Better sqlalchemy error messages: a new `mongosql.exc.RuntimeQueryError` provides more details about internal errors. 
    
    Example:
    > mongosql.exc.RuntimeQueryError: Error processing MongoQuery(Assignment -> Category).join: (cryptic sqlalchemy message)
* Bugfix: compilation of dialect-specific clauses used to fail with some JOINs
* Bugfix: `max_items` + `force_filter` used to cause trouble because MongoSQL could not make the correct decision 
    that a nested query is necessary

## 2.0.6 (2019-09-17)
* `bundled_project` are now loaded quietly (meaning, they are loaded, but not included into the projection)
* `MongoQuerySettingsDict.pluck_from()`: now skips the `max_items` key because it does not make sense when inherited
* Bugfix: in some cases, the `projection` property returned invalid results
* Bugfix: when the `join` operation includes two relationships that are LEFT JOINed, the query is not broken anymore.

## 2.0.5 (2019-08-27)
* `ensure_loaded` setting for projections

## 2.0.4 (2019-07-26)
* `filter`: new `$prefix` operator
* `AssociationProxy` support for `project` and `filter`
* `MongoQuery.get_final_query_object()` method for debugging
* Project Handler: the new `default_projection` behavior lets you build APIs that return no fields by default:
    the API user will have to require every field explicitly.

## 2.0.3 (2019-07-06)
* CrudHelper is not able to save `@property` values: welcome `writable_properties`!
* Fix: `bundled_project` now takes care of `force_include`d fields as well
* Recommendation when a legacy column is removed: use `legacy_fields` together with `force_include` 
    on a `@property` that fakes the missing column or relationship.
* CrudHelper now removes `legacy_fields` from the input dict
* `legacy_fields` are now included into all projections generated by `project` and `join` handlers

## 2.0.2 (2019-06-29)
* `legacy_fields` setting will make handlers ignore certain fields that are not available anymore.
    Works with: `filter`, `sort`, `group`, `join`, `joinf`, `aggregate`.
* `method_decorator` has had a few improvements that no one would notice

## 2.0.0 (2019-06-18)
* Version 2.0 is released!
* Complete redesign
* Query Object format is the same: backwards-compatible
* `outerjoin` is renamed to `join`, old buggy `join` is now `joinf`
* `join` is not handled by a tweaked `selectin` loader, which is a lot easier and faster!
* Overall 1.5x-2.5x performance improvement
* `MongoQuery` settings lets you configure everything
* `StrictCrudHelper` is much more powerful
* `@saves_relations` helps with saving related entities
* `MongoQuery.end_count()` counts and selects at the same time
